Grammar Updates to the General Folder (#1026)
AdguardTeam/AdguardKnowledgeBase: 01.general/17.dns-providers/docs.en.md

### Yandex DNS

> [Yandex.DNS](https://dns.yandex.com/) is a free recursive DNS service. Yandex.DNS' servers are located in Russia, the CIS countries, and Western Europe. Users' requests are processed by the nearest data center, which provides high connection speeds.

Author: ```suggestion
[Yandex.DNS](https://dns.yandex.com/) is a free recursive DNS service. Yandex.DNS servers are located in Russia, the CIS countries, and Western Europe. Network requests are processed by the nearest data center, which provides high connection speeds.
```
